[bitnami/keycloak] Allow passwords from different secrets (#5496)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/keycloak/README.md

If you are going to manage TLS secrets outside of Helm, please know that you can create a TLS secret (named `keycloak.local-tls` for example).

> ### Secrets and passwords
> 
> This chart provides several ways to manage passwords:
> - Values passed to the chart
> - An existing secret with all the passwords
> - Passwords present among several secrets
> 
> In the first case, you need to keep a copy of the secrets and indicate the values using the `--set` argument.
> For example:
> ```console
> $ helm upgrade keycloak bitnami/keycloak \
>     --set auth.adminPassword=$KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_PASSWORD \
>     --set auth.managementPassword=$KEYCLOAK_MANAGEMENT_PASSWORD \
>     --set postgresql.postgresqlPassword=$POSTGRESQL_PASSWORD \
>     --set postgresql.persistence.existingClaim=$POSTGRESQL_PVC
> ```
> 
> In the second, a Secret has been created with all the passwords. This secret name must indicated in the `auth.existingSecret.name` value. If the keys in the Secret are not the same as the expected ones, you can use `keyMapping`:
> 
> 

Reviewer: This section of the README seems to be incomplete and has some grammar typos.

I wrote the following in case it helps, feel free to make any changes, and please notice the escaped \\```.

```suggestion
### Secrets and passwords

This chart provides several ways to manage passwords:
- Values passed to the chart
- An existing secret with all the passwords
- Passwords present among several secrets

In the first case, a new Secret including all the passwords will be created during the chart installation. When upgrading it is necessary to provide the secrets using the `--set` option as shown below:
For example:
\```console
  $ helm upgrade keycloak bitnami/keycloak \
      --set auth.adminPassword=$KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_PASSWORD \
      --set auth.managementPassword=$KEYCLOAK_MANAGEMENT_PASSWORD \
      --set postgresql.postgresqlPassword=$POSTGRESQL_PASSWORD \
      --set postgresql.persistence.existingClaim=$POSTGRESQL_PVC
\```

When installing using an existing secret, passwords can be stored in single secret or separeted into differect secrets.

To use a single existing secret `existingSecret` can be configured at values.yaml:

\```yaml
    existingSecret:
      name: mySecret
      keyMapping:
        admin-password: myPasswordKey
        management-password: myManagementPasswordKey
        database-password: myDatabasePasswordKey
        tls-keystore-password: myTlsKeystorePasswordKey
        tls-truestore-password: myTlsTruestorePasswordKey
\```

The keyMapping links the passwords in the chart with the passwords stored in the existing Secret.

Configuring multiple existing secrets can be done by using `auth.existingSecretPerPassword` instead:
  
\```yaml
      existingSecretPerPassword:
        keyMapping:
          adminPassword: KEYCLOAK_ADMIN_PASSWORD
          managementPassword: KEYCLOAK_MANAGEMENT_PASSWORD
          databasePassword: password
          tlsKeystorePassword: JKS_KEYSTORE_TRUSTSTORE_PASSWORD
          tlsTruststorePassword: JKS_KEYSTORE_TRUSTSTORE_PASSWORD
        adminPassword:
          name: mySecret
        managementPassword:
          name: mySecret
        databasePassword:
          name: myOtherSecret
        tlsKeystorePassword:
          name: mySecret
        tlsTruststorePassword:
          name: mySecret
\```

Additionally to the key mapping, a different Secret name can be configured per password. 

> NOTE: 'auth.existingSecretPerPassword' will overwrite the configuration at 'auth.existingSecret'
```
